hey guys ugly May with coverage here
provided by omen by HP I'm here with
Logan official the associate product
manager at tespa if you do not know what
Tesla is it is blizzards collegiate
organization and Logan I understand that
you've been working on a lot of their
project or products projects products
could you give me like a little TL DR of
what Tesla is recently released sure so
yeah I oversee Tesla's competitive
programs which includes the collegiate
rocket League one of our latest programs
as well as the overwatch collegiate
series so that's pretty much what we're
focused on this fall so tell me about
the rocket League series because that
isn't you know technically a blizzard
game by psionics I mean was there a huge
demand for it yeah totally so I guess
the first thing to mention is Tesla's
game agnostic so our biggest thing is we
just want to support what our chapters
play so we have over 230 chapters across
the nation so we kind of look and see
what they're playing and kind of
whatever big game that they're into we
we want to support our community and so
rocket League was a very natural fit
obviously it's very popular on campus
and it's a great land game it's a play
and dorm room so yeah that was a big
party for us and so this is the first
season that it's been out how has it
been doing yeah so this is the first
season of the collegiate rocket League
and it's been doing extremely great
viewers are extremely interested I think
from a sports parallel it feels very
similar to college sports so unlike some
of our other competitive titles rocket
League is just soccer but with cars so I
think from a college sports perspective
anybody is able to hop into it see their
schools playing and it just has a very
sports like atmosphere and it's been a
ton of fun I'm excited for it I played a
little bit I am terrible with the cars
but I also want to ask you a little bit
with the announcement of rocket League
and a few of your other games I think
you also announced something about
increase in scholarships could you tell
me a little bit about about that totally
so yeah
Tesla always wants to award our players
for doing well in school so we do all of
our prising through scholarships and
yeah this year we announced that we're
across all six of our competitive titles
awarding over
million dollars in scholarships which is
super exciting for us that's a lot of
money have people been crazy over the
scholarship money because that's good by
student loans yeah
college students are definitely taking
it really seriously we which is why we
like are always making sure like stay in
school stay full time in class get good
grades but yeah they definitely are
super excited about the tuition all
right so we are here at Blizzcon and
during the opening ceremony I think they
mentioned a little bit about the new
studio that they have opened in Burbank
for all their sports games and I heard
that Tessa has been broadcasting a lot
of their games out there can you tell me
what it's like working in the studio
sure yes so tespa has a stage in the
Blizzard arena that's entirely our own
which is super exciting this is the
first time we've had our own production
team to be able to produce our own
competitive titles so it's super cool
being right alongside like the best and
the greatest a blizzard arena but still
being able to do our own kind of like
tight-knit broadcast for the collegiate
community so it's been a ton of fun how
do you think these essentially
high-level broadcasts affect the
collegiate community and maybe what
people think about ecology sports in
general I think it definitely helps lend
legitimacy to some of the schools I know
a lot of school faculty you want to get
their school on board and spin up
official varsity programs for their
teams but they don't really have
anything good to point to on how to get
involved but I think now that we've been
able to produce some high quality
consistent collegiate content it will be
easier and easier for our communities to
spin up more support from their schools
wonderful and I won't ask you for too
many details keep things under wraps but
what's Tesla's kind of like overall goal
for the next year or maybe next few
years hmm yeah that's a tough question I
don't know how much of that I can share
but I think overall we just want to keep
providing as many opportunities to
college gamers as we can so through
competitive programs community programs
academic programs like whatever we can
do to help anybody who's into gaming at
college succeed in their career wherever
that may be is pretty much her main goal
wonderful well thank you so much for
this interview do you want to maybe plug
where college students here can you know
become a test bug member or a chapter
sure I mean just head out to Tesla org
and you can find
really any pathway and how you want to
get involved with college gaming well
Logan thank you so much for this
interview and for everyone else you
could check out more of our Blizzcon
coverage right here at this channel
thanks to omen for supporting our
content they are a new partner of the
overwatch league and you can follow them
on twitter at omen by HP